---
layout: post
title: Status
author: Tad
---




## What did I do today?

* Settled back into the lab
* _Daphnia_ stock maintenance 
* Experimental censusing 
* TA stuff (class and observation)



## What should I be doing tomorrow?

* Get David to enter tempVar data in
* Wash tanks
* Work on priority list below
* Afternoon teaching (12 - 5)


# <i class="fa fa-rocket" style="color:green"> Prioritize </i>

+ Competition manuscript revisions
+ Threshold host density manuscript revisions
+ Get _dentifera_ stocks back up!



---


## Vertica

Internship over. Set up Vertica community edition, or contact Vertica for academic license. See how many nodes John is willing to have Vertica on, and install both Vertica and Place. Talk to Drew about using Place for his zoonosis project.

 
---

## RCN (and other side projects)

+ Global helminth stuff (software note, protocols, etc.)
	+ Node properties, DivDist, ...


---

## Random

* Sarah approached me with idea for collaboration. Keep this in the back of your mind with regards to data sources amenable for the project, whose focus is determining factors that contribute to parasite sharing at host level. I have some ideas on how to analyze these types of data, with the first being using co-occurrence networks, as the focus isn't on anything involving parasite traits, but instead is focused on the overlap in parasite communities among hosts. This, in my mind, is slightly different than looking at beta diversity, which is how parasite sharing is typically examined (I'm thinking of S. Locke's work, as well as the approaches taken by Krasnov and Poulin). 






<i class="fa fa-code" style="color:pink"> </i>

