---
layout: post 
title: Status for May 7 
author: Tad
---
 
## What have I worked on?
 
* `rangeShape`: finalized comment and passed to Alan

* `voleIdeas`: finalized some vole ideas and passed to Otso

* `meetings`: lab meeting at 12, and HMSC meeting at 13

* `lsuAdmin`: sent in research summary, pub list, and headshot for website. 

* `alandIdeas`: pushed along some of the ideas. Need to schedule 1:1 with Otso when he's back in town. Now have `persistDistro` and new `closeEigen`.

* `hmscMouse`: single species models finished training.






 
### Tonight 

* `abundanceSDM`: don't do what reviewer suggested, as it is horribly flawed. Add the approach to the supplement, with a discussion about why the method is flawed. Submit elsewhere. A bit disappointed in this. 



## What should I be working on now? 


* `persistDistro`: estimate Te

* `featherPaper`: read and edit the old feather paper with Emily

* `hmscMouse`: get new HMSC code from Otso/Gleb, and push forward the analyses





--- 
 
### Listening to: 
 
 <iframe src='https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A70iCmSNHh2SaJPa6G3Mx105' width='300' height='380' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true'></iframe> 
 
 <i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i> 
