---
layout: post 
title: Status for May 17 
author: Tad
---

## What have I worked on?

* `hmscMouse`: updated manuscript text and code. Some analytical changes, but mostly the same. Maybe talk to Otso about this today?

* `closeEigen`: pushed along a bit conceptually, but will hopefully get some input from Otso later today on which aspects to push forward.

* `carly`: answered questions about Helsinki

* `lterCourse`: edited proposed course description for seminar course in the fall. Should be fun times.

* `otsoMeeting`: discussed mainly `persistDistro` with positive feedback. Have some ways to push it forward, and some suggestions for better integration with theory, which will largely inform the motivation and context paragraphs. 

* `persistDistro`: ah rats. Hit a bit of a snag, based on Otso's idea about patch area scaling. Pushed some preliminary plots forward investigating issue. Perhaps a bug in the code, perhaps SINs aren't appropriately identified? Unsure. 








### Tonight

* `alanMeeting`: first meeting in awhile. Sketch out all the points you want to talk about

* `recSeminar`: I give it next week. Decide on topic and scope. Set up repo. Make public and use it as a way to recruit people to use the Github organization.

* `annaSDM`: read through and provide any edits to thesis summary (don't forget to label before changes started)






## What should I be working on now?


* `professionalService`: finish review of article

* `hmscMouse`: push it along. 

* `persistDistro`: push it along. 



--- 

### Listening to:

<iframe src='https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A4muAGMNipTEtIoYfMa9QL0' width='300' height='380' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true'></iframe>

<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i>
