---
layout: post 
title: Status for October 24 
author: Tad
---

## What have I worked on?

* `helmSize`: polished responses and passed to collaborators. 

* `recAnnualMeeting`: prepped for meeting a bit (went over slides and such). 

* `lterCourse`: prepared lecture on species niches, environmental variability, and species distribution models.

* `missingLinks2`: got variable importance group code running on remote (`jarno12`)

* `persistDistro`, `alandOcc`, and `abundOcc` passed to collaborators



### Tonight

* `recAnnualMeeting`: pack.

* `workout`: likely won't run unless I can motivate myself to run in the cold/dark. Finland, amiright?

* `read`: some community variability stuff, and some niche overlap stuff.

* `relax`




## What should I be working on now?

* `emergence`: work on edits

* `rangeNiche`: dust off and push forward 

* `comStability`: discussed some ideas with Laura. Start exploring feasibility.





--- 

### Listening to:

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/445cTpgiejdFXArzPyQbCe" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>


<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i>
