---
layout: post 
title: Status for August 24 
author: Tad
---

## What have I worked on?

* `oystein`: big group meeting to discuss data organization with regards to project dev. Good to try to get folks on the same page, but a bit frustrating with respect to data provenance and access.

* `hmscMouse`: met with O2 and AL to discuss changes before submission. Incorporated majority of changes.

* `abundOcc`: discussed with O2. Idea passed along to Juha. Hopefully he's excited about it. 

* `alandOcc`: wrote some words. Will pass to MS soon (needs a bit more dev).

* `ideas`: some idea generation for next steps.





### Tonight

* `ideas`: check out feasibility of the range size niche space idea. 

* `read`: a couple papers I'm excited about. One is Luca's. 




## What should I be working on now?

* `punk`: free festival called Kill Sörnäinen



--- 

### Listening to:

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6XyizA9I5t4hbD7iDDyAHQ" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i>
