---
layout: post 
title: Status for January 24 
author: Tad
---

## What have I worked on?

* `alandOcc`: tiny tiny tiny changes before this thing is hopefully done.

* `mothSync`: a bit of progress, but nothing really there. Splintered this project off into new collaboration with Laura though.

* `mothSim`: collaboration with Laura. It will be good, maybe?

* `lterCourse`: wrap up meeting and such. 

* `sevilla`: some last minute forms to fill out for Finnish social security or some shit.




### Tonight

* `genes`: annotate some more genes

* `packing?`: idk. maybe do some laundry or put some stuff in a bag? dust/clean the room?






## What should I be working on now?

* `sevilla`: cement project ideas and such. Get stoked.

* `rangeShape2`: either push forward an idea or just don't contribute to the special issue. 

* `mothSim`: push along

* `otherStuff`: what other things are on my desk right now?





--- 

### Listening to:

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3mCu7ZCy4Rifod1iUmcylp" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i>
