---
layout: post 
title: Status for August 18 
author: Tad
---

## What have I worked on?

* `rapid`: set up Github repo and met with Bret to discuss project and moving forward. Need to set up meetings with Grant to discuss how things will move forward. 

* `helmSubset`: responded to some reviewer concerns. 

* `reproResearch`: finalized some bits of course dev. 

* `helmCluster`: Max and I pushing some ideas forward on this front. 

* `reading`: lots and lots of reading to try to catch up on the covid19 modeling efforts.

* `arboCat`: scraping data on arboviruses. It's a bit messy, but whatevs.

* `otherStuff`: lots of other stuff since I haven't updated this in awhile. Been shifting to using Github project boards to track progress on projects.




### Tonight

* `bike/run`: run if legs are feeling alright, bike if feeling a bit lazy. 






## What should I be working on now?

* `swModular`: write some words on this one. 

* `bioStability` and `rangeNiche`: tap Drew on the former, and finalize the latter







--- 

### Listening to:

<iframe src='https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A7ofZgS5xDW0XodfjaXWvZG' width='300' height='380' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true'></iframe>

<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i>
